The following instructions highlight the minimum viable product (MVP). After you’ve achieved it you are free to move beyond this, creating a more functional and stylish page. In the extensions below we suggests some ways of going beyond the MVP but these are only suggestions - you can give them a go profitably but you can do your own thing as well. Remember, the MVP is the minimum viable product. It contains the minimum of functionality or features your page should have. We believe that attaining the MVP will ensure your learning is keeping up with the rhythm needed for the subsequent weeks of the Bootcamp and that, therefore, you will be ready to learn what comes next week by achieving it.

MVP

Your should create your own data structure. Each event should have at least the following fields:

Name of event

Description of event

An image or “cover” for the event

Date

Price

The point of this structure is for you to be able to access the information and from it render the events on your page. 
\ You should have at least 10 events to display. 
\ Finding an appropriate data structure is part of your design strategy so choose wisely.

\ Your page should have a title with the name of your Event Page (be creative!) and a description of the kinds of events the page contains.

\ The page should display - with appropriate styling - all the events and their information. 
\ Make sure you use semantic HTML and that your CSS targets the elements in an efficient way (using ids only when it is absolutely necessary).

Extensions

Why don’t you add some functionality to it by adding a clickable option for each event, 
/showing somehow that you’re either not interested, interested, or definitely going? 

Some event owners suggested that they might have extra information they would like to give you so people know more about the kind of event it is. Add to your event structure the field of tags and add at least one tag to each event. This will vary depending on the kind of data you’ve chosen to do your events about, so be creative.

Given that all events have got tags, why don’t you create a way of filtering the events on the page based on the tags? For example, clicking on the name of a tag displayed at the top of your page should render all the events with that tag.

Create a search bar where you can type and search all the events by their name.

Use your search bar to search events by other text fields, for example by their description.